"I lose all respect for people who..." what?
Age and birthday?
Age you get mistaken for?
Are there aliens?
Are there any stressful situations in your life?
Are you a clean or messy person?
Are you a fan of Designer Clothes?
Are you a forgiving person?
Are you a good judge of character?
Are you a good liar?
Are you a good singer?
Are you a gossip?
Are you a heavy sleeper?
Are you a hugger?
Are you a jealous person?
Are you a people person or a loner?
Are you a satanist?
Are you a virgin?
Are you active?
Are you an extrovert or an introvert?
Are you an innie or an outie?
Are you currently in a relationship?
Are you good at hiding your feelings?
Are you happy with the person you've become?
Are you in college?
Are you listening to music right now?
Are you mad at someone right now?
Are you okay?
Are you psychic in any way?
Are you religious?
Are you scared of spiders?
Are you scared of the dark?
Are you single/taken/heartbroken/confused/waiting for the unexpected?
Are you taller than your mom?
Are you the kind of friend you would want to have as a friend?
Are you ticklish?
Are you tired right now?
Are you wearing socks right now?
Are your friends mainly girls or guys?
Are your parents divorced?
Average hours of sleep?
Be honest. Ever gotten yourself off?
Ben Stiller or Adam Sandler?
Besides tumblr, do you have any other social media?
Best dramatic movie you've seen?
Can insanity bring on more creativity?
Can you curl your tongue?
Can you do any other accents other than your own?
Can you live a day without TV?
Can you name all 50 states of America?
Can you roll your Rs?
Can you touch your nose with your tongue?
Choose East Coast or West Coast?
Choose a song at random, what ship does it remind you of?
Compared to this time last year, are you: (a happier or sadder? (b thinner or fatter? (c richer or poorer?
Complete the sentence: I'll love you if...
Could you go for the rest of your life without drinking alcohol?
Could you go the rest of your life without smoking a cigarette?
Cute and fluffy or dramatic and deadly?
Define art.
Describe the last scene in a book you read in as few words as possible. No character names or title.
Describe your personality.
Description of crush?
Description of your best friend?
Did anyone close to you die?
Did anyone close to you give birth?
Did you answer all these truthfully?
Did you ever play an instrument? If so what?
Did you fall in love in 2015?
Did you go out or stay in last night?
Did you keep your new year’s resolutions, and will you make more for next year?
Did you suffer illness or injury?
Did your family or friends influence you to read when you were younger?
Did your last kiss take place in/on a bed?
Do you believe in God?
Do you believe in Heaven?
Do you believe in Hell?
Do you believe in Horoscopes?
Do you believe in fate?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Do you believe in ghosts? How about aliens?
Do you believe in karma?
Do you believe in love?
Do you believe in luck?
Do you believe in magic?
Do you believe that everyone has a soul-mate?
Do you chew on your straws?
Do you correct people when they make mistakes?
Do you cry easily?
Do you day dream about your favorite books? If so, share one fantasy you have about them.
Do you drink?
Do you drive? If so, have you ever crashed?
Do you fall for people easily?
Do you get butterflies around the person you like?
Do you hate anyone now that you didn’t hate this time last year?
Do you have a 5 year plan?
Do you have a collection of anything?
Do you have a nickname?
Do you have a strong accent?
Do you have any nicknames?
Do you have any obsessions right now?
Do you have any pets?
Do you have any relatives in jail?
Do you have any scars?
Do you have any siblings?
Do you have any strange phobias?
Do you have more guy friends or girl friends?
Do you have much of an ego?
Do you keep a journal?
Do you like going on airplanes?
Do you like long or short hair?
Do you like the smell of gasoline?
Do you like when it rains?
Do you like your age?
Do you like your own name?
Do you listen to music when you read? Make a mini playlist for one of your favorite books.
Do you loan your books?
Do you make wishes at 11:11?
Do you miss anyone?
Do you miss how thing were a year ago?
Do you miss the way things were six months ago?
Do you plan on moving out within the next year?
Do you play an instrument?
Do you prefer Autumn or Spring?
Do you prefer Coach or Chanel?
Do you prefer baths or showers?
Do you prefer being drunk, or high?
Do you prefer being hot or cold?
Do you prefer blondes or brunettes?
Do you prefer chocolate or vanilla?
Do you prefer curly or straight hair?
Do you prefer night or day?
Do you prefer real-life TV shows or animated TV shows?
Do you prefer talking on the phone or video chatting online?
Do you prefer to be behind the camera or in front of it?
Do you read from recommendations or whatever book catches your eye?
Do you save money or spend it?
Do you secretly like someone?
Do you sing to yourself?
Do you sleep with or without clothes on?
Do you smoke?
Do you suck or bite lollipops?
Do you take Coke or Pepsi?
Do you take drugs?
Do you talk to yourself?
Do you tend to hold grudges against people who have done you wrong?
Do you think you can last in a relationship for 6 months?
Do you think you're important?
Do you use Ebay?
Do you use chap stick?
Do you want a boy a girl for a child?
Do you want a boyfriend or girlfriend?
Do you want a church wedding?
Do you want children:
Do you want children?
Do you want to be buried, or cremated?
Do you wear the hood on your hoodie?
Do you wish you were a professional of some kind? Of what?
Does anyone like you?
Dream job?
Ever been in love?
Ever been on a plane?
Ever been told “it’s not you, it’s me”?
Ever broken a bone?
Ever cried in front of someone?
Ever had a poem or song written about you?
Ever had a rumor spread about you?
Ever stuck a foreign object up your nose?
Ever swam in a pool?
Favorite female protagonist?
Favorite food?
Favorite foreign food?
Favorite item of book merch?
Favorite movie?
Favorite school subject?
Favorite series?
Favorite song?
Favorite swear word?
Favorite tv show?
Favorite villain?
Favorite web site?
Favourite Comedian?
Favourite Flower?
Favourite Grocery store?
Favourite Holiday?
Favourite Yankee candle scent?
Favourite actor/actress?
Favourite animal(s)?
Favourite book(s)?
Favourite candy?
Favourite clothing store?
Favourite comedian(s)?
Favourite fictional character?
Favourite film(s)?
Favourite food(s)?
Favourite food?
Favourite magazine?
Favourite memory?
Favourite movie?
Favourite perfume?
Favourite picture of your idol?
Favourite president?
Favourite radio station?
Favourite restaurant?
Favourite singer?
Favourite song ever?
Favourite sport to play?
Favourite sport to watch?
Favourite sport(s)?
Favourite state?
Favourite subject?
Favourite talk show host?
Favourite thing to cook?
Favourite tv show(s)?
Fear(s)?
Finish this: I hate it when...
First book that had a major influence on you?
First books you remember being obsessed with?
First time you had a crush?
Flip flops or high heels?
For your birthday, what kind of cake do you ask for?
Gender?
Girls.... (finish the sentence); Boys.... (finish the sentence)
Give a description of the girl/boy you like.
Give me 3 random facts.
Give me the first thing that comes to mind when you hear the word "heart".
Give us a fact about your personality.
Give us a random fact about anything.
Got any piercings?
Grab the book nearest to you, turn to page 23, give me line 17.
Has someone of the opposite sex ever told you they loved you, and meant it?
Has there ever been a book you wish you could un-read?
Has tumblr caused you to stop liking any fandoms, if so, which and why?
Have tattoos?
Have you added anything stupid/cracky/hilarious to your fandom, if so, what?
Have you already thought of baby names, and if so what are they?
Have you ever been awake for 48 hours straight?
Have you ever been called a tease?
Have you ever been famous?
Have you ever been in a position of authority?
Have you ever been in love?
Have you ever been scuba diving?
Have you ever been skinny dipping?
Have you ever been to New York?
Have you ever been to Paris?
Have you ever been to the hospital?
Have you ever broke the law?
Have you ever caught a butterfly?
Have you ever changed a diaper?
Have you ever cried because you were so annoyed?
Have you ever cried from being so mad?
Have you ever done drugs?
Have you ever drank underage?
Have you ever fallen for your ex’s best friend?
Have you ever fired a gun?
Have you ever found it hard to tell someone you like them?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Have you ever got in trouble with the law?
Have you ever gotten a speeding ticket?
Have you ever had a secret admirer?
Have you ever had your heart broken?
Have you ever had your nails done?
Have you ever met any celebrities?
Have you ever regretted kissing someone?
Have you ever self harmed?
Have you ever started a rumor?
Have you ever thrown up in the car?
Have you ever told somebody you loved them and not actually meant it?
Have you ever tried archery?
Have you ever wanted to tell someone something but didn’t?
Have you ever wanted to tell someone something but you didn't?
Have you hugged someone within the last week?
Have you kissed anyone in the last five days?
Have you kissed three or more people in one night?
Have you made a list of things to do before you die?
Have you pre-named your children?
Have you pretended to like someone?
Height?
Hillary or Obama?
Hold hands with anyone this week?
Honestly, has anyone seen you in your underwear in the past 3 months?
How big is your house?
How can I win your heart?
How can we account for the emergence of permanent intelligence organisations in Britain at the end of the nineteenth century?
How did you get your name?
How did you spend Christmas?
How do you feel about the other people in your current fandom(s.
How do you feel right now?
How do you let your anger out?
How do you like your steak cooked?
How do you vent your anger?
How effective have parliamentarians, the press and the courts been in holding the intelligence services to account?
How fast can you run?
How fast can you type?
How is your heart lately?
How late did you stay up last night and why?
How late did you stay up last night?
How long does it take for you to get ready?
How many TRUE friends do you have?
How many cousins do you have?
How many kids do you want to have?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
How many piercings do you have?
How many pillows do you sleep with?
How many relationships have you had?
How old are you?
How old were you when you had your first kiss?
How tall are you?
How would you describe your personal fashion concept in 2015?
How's your relationship with your parent(s)?
How's your relationship with your sibling(s)?
How/where do you purchase your books?
Hugs or Kisses?
If I handed you a concert ticket right now, who would you want to be the performer?
If the whole world were listening to you right now, what would you say?
If you are outside, what are you most likely doing?
If you could meet anyone on this earth, who would it be?
If you could move somewhere else, would you?
If you could press a button and make anyone in the world instantaneously explode, who would it be?
If you died right now, what song would you want to play at your funeral?
If you were to publish a book what (besides your real name would you use for your author name?
In a relationship?
In your opinion, what makes a great relationship?
Invent a random AU for any fandom (we always need more ideas.
Is it hard for you to get over someone?
Is there anyone who can always make you smile?
Is there anything pink within 10 feet of you?
Is there one person in your life that can always make you smile?
It's your birthday. Someone gives you a calfskin wallet. How do you react?
I’ll love you if... (complete the sentence)
Kat McPhee or Taylor Hicks?
Last YouTube video watched?
Last book you read?
Last concert attended?
Last person you got mad at?
Last thing you Googled?
Last time someone said something you were thinking?
Last time you ate?
Last time you cried?
Left or right handed?
What was your favorite book as a child?
Love at first sight -- do you believe in it?
Love or lust?
Love really is a beautiful thing huh?
Lucky numbers?
A person who got you into a fandom and what fandom they pulled you in to.
Mac or PC?
Favorite kind of candy?
Manicure or Pedicure?
Do you listen to what's on the radio?
Marriage is... what?
McDonalds or Burger King?
Most attractive singer of your opposite gender?
Most embarrassing moment?
Most traumatic experience?
Most used phrase?
Most used word?
Name a book that you think about and you cringe because of how terrible it was.
Name a book you are scared is not going to be all you hoped it would be.
Name a book's ending you wish you could change.
Name a character you like but you really, really shouldn't.
Name a fandom you didn’t care/think about until you saw it all over tumblr.
Name a fandom you’re in but have no ships from?
Name a movie or tv show you wish would have been a book.
Name a pairing you initially didn’t consider but someone changed your mind.
Name a pairing you wish you shipped, but just can't.
Name one person that you wish you could see right now?
Name some TV shows you watch.
Name someone that makes you happy.
Name something impending on your calendar.
Name three OTPs from 3 different fandoms.
Name three facts about your family.
Nickname?
Number of blankets you sleep with?
OTP or NoTP?
One book everyone should read?
One night you wake up because you heard a noise. You turn on the light to find that you are surrounded by MUMMIES. The mummies aren't really doing anything, they're just standing around your bed. What do you do?
One of your insecurities?
One thing that makes you feel great is... what?
Opinion on insecurities?
What's the best dream you've ever had?
Oranges or Apples?
Would you ever get into a long distance relationship?
Phone or Online?
Piggy banks are... what?
Favorite holiday dish?
What color was your childhood home?
Post a selfie.
Post a shelfie.
Favorite kind of soup?
Public library or personal library?
A ship you’ve abandoned and why.
Would you rather carve pumpkins or wrap presents?
Quick, you're in desperate need of a fake name. What character name do you think of first?
Quote a song lyric that sums up your year.
A pairing you ship that you don’t think anyone else ships.
Rant about anything book related.
Red heads or Black haired?
Relationship status?
What's the scariest dream you've ever had?
Right now I am talking to... who?
Are you currently in love with someone?
What's a headcanon you have?
Scariest book you ever read?
Sexiest person that comes to your mind immediately?
Shoe size?
Should the 2003 Iraq case be considered an intelligence failure, a policy failure, or neither? Justify your answer.
Simple but extremely complex. Favorite band?
Singing or Dancing?
Small town or Big city?
Smell the air. What do you smell?
Someone you miss?
Something thats worrying you at the moment?
Something you want to learn?
Something you will really miss when you leave home is... what?
Spit or swallow? (;
Sports: what do you think of them?
Starbucks order?
Starsign?
Stick your right arm out; what do you touch first? Do the same with your left arm.
Summer or winter?
Suppose you see your ex kissing another person what would you do?
Talk about a place you remember from your childhood.
Talk about a time someone turned you down.
Talk about a time you had to turn someone down.
Talk about a vacation.
Talk about an ex-best friend.
Talk about little things on your body that you like the most.
Talk about someone you thought you were in love with.
Talk about someone you want to be friends with.
Talk about something someone told you that meant a lot.
Talk about something that happened in elementary school.
Talk about something that happened in high school.
Talk about something that happened in middle school.
Talk about songs that remind you of certain people.
Talk about the best birthday you've had.
Talk about the best dream you've ever had.
Talk about the best party you've ever been to.
Talk about the biggest fight you've ever had.
Talk about the end of something in your life.
Talk about the first time you had sex/how you imagine your first time.
Talk about the first time you watched your favorite movie.
Talk about the person you've had the most intense romantic feelings for.
Talk about the thing you are most proud of.
Talk about the thing you regret most so far.
Talk about the time you were most content in life.
Talk about the worst birthday you've had.
Talk about the worst dream you've ever had.
Talk about the worst physical pain you've endured.
Talk about things you do when you're sick.
Talk about things you wish you could stop doing.
Talk about things you wish you'd known earlier.
Talk about what turns you off.
Talk about what turns you on.
Talk about what you do when you are sad.
Talk about what you think death is like.
Talk about your biggest insecurity.
Talk about your favorite part of someone else's body.
Talk about your fetishes.
Talk about your first kiss.
Talk about your future.
Talk about your guilty pleasures.
Talk about your worst fear.
Tell me about your best friend.
Tell me about your family.
Tell me about your neighbours/housemates.
Tell me about your school.
Tell me about yout bed.
Tell one book story or memory (what you were wearing when you were reading something, someone saw you cry in public, you threw a book across the room and broke a window, etc.).
Tell us 5 things that make me happy.
Tell us a description of the person you dislike the most.
Tell us a valuable life lesson you learned in 2015.
Tell us about your crush!
Tell us about your friends.
Tell us about your mom.
Tell us about your pets.
Tell us about your room.
Tell us about yourself.
The first person i talked to today was... who?
The last thing you ate?
The last three songs you bought were?
The most difficult thing to do is... what?
The person that makes me cry the most is whom?
The thing that you're looking forward to the most is?
The thing you're not looking forward to is?
The worst pain you were ever in was what?
The worst sound in the world is what?
Things you hate?
Think back five months ago, were you single?
Think of the last person who said I love you, do you think they meant it?
Three names you go by..
Time right now?
To what extend did Ultra intelligence shorten the Second World War?
To you, what is the meaning of life?
Turn offs?
Turn ons
What are your favorite male/female ships?
Ugly and rich OR sweet and poor?
Unpopular opinions?
Do you have any 3-way ships? If so, what?
Do you like where you're from?
Virgin?
5 favorite characters from 5 different fandoms.
Wal-Mart or Target?
Want any piercings?
Want any tattoos?
Were your ancestors royalty?
Were your last three kisses from the same person?
What ARE you looking forward to?
What age do you get mistaken for?
What are 3 dreams you want to fulfill?
What are the last four digits in your cell phone number?
What are you NOT looking forward to?
What are you allergic to?
What are you currently reading?
What are you doing next summer?
What are you doing next weekend?
What are you going to do when you grow up?
What are you listening to right now?
What are you looking forward to in the next week?
What are you strengths?
What are your biggest turn offs?
What are your biggest turn ons?
What are your favorite band(s/artist(s?
What are your thoughts on school?
What are your weaknesses?
What book fandom do you affiliate yourself with the most?
What book would you name a child after?
What character would be your best friend in real life?
What color are your eyes?
What color is your hair?
What color looks best on you?
What color socks are you wearing?
What countries did you visit?
What dates from 2015 will remain etched upon your memory, and why?
What did you do in 2015 that you’d never done before?
What did you do yesterday?
What did you get really, really, really excited about?
What did you want and get?
What did you want and not get?
What do people call you?
What do you  hate the most about work/school?
What do you find attractive in men?
What do you find attractive in women?
What do you hate most about yourself?
What do you love most about yourself?
What do you think about abortion?
What do you think about most?
What do you think about movie/tv adaptations?
What do you think is Satan's last name?
What do you think of Ebooks?
What do you think of Gas Prices?
What do you think of Gay Marriage?
What do you think of George Bush?
What do you think of Reality TV?
What do you think of backstabbers?
What do you think of the presidential election?
What do you think of war?
What do you typically have for breakfast?
What do you want to be when you get older?
What do you wish you’d done less of?
What do you wish you’d done more of?
What do your parents do?
What does your last text message say?
What does your latest text message from someone else say?
What if I told you that you were pretty?
What is a saying you say a lot?
What is on your wrists right now?
What is something you are talented at?
What is something you currently want right now?
What is something you want right now?
What is the color of your bedspread?
What is the color of your room?
What is the last thing you said out lot?
What is the most important part of a book, in your opinion?
What is the single best decision you have made in your life so far?
What is wrong with you right now?
What is you middle name?
What is your all-time favorite romance movie?
What is your astrological sign?
What is your biggest fear?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is your birthday?
What is your current desktop picture?
What is your favorite accent?
What is your favorite animal?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite word?
What is your favourite day of the week?
What is your favourite shampoo?
What is your favourite song at the moment?
What is your favourite war?
What is your greatest weakness; your greatest strength?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your height?
What is your heritage?
What is your most expensive piece of clothing?
What is your personality type?
What is your secret weapon to get someone to like you?
What is your sexual orientation?
What is your sexuality?
What is your zodiac sign?
What job do you want?
What kept you sane?
What made you decide to get Tumblr?
What makes you angry?
What makes you laugh no matter what?
What makes you nervous?
What movies did you cry at?
What one thing made your year immeasurably more satisfying?
What pets do you have?
What political issue stirred you the most?
What position do you usually sleep in?
What qualities do you find annoying in a character?
What shoe size are you?
What should you be doing right now?
What size shoes do you wear?
What song will always remind you of 2015?
What talents do you have?
What time is it?
What type of music do you like?
What was the best book you read?
What was the best thing you bought?
What was the first thing you ever contributed to a fandom?
What was the last book you read?
What was the last lie you told?
What was the last movie you saw?
What was the lat movie you saw?
What was your biggest achievement of the year?
What was your biggest failure?
What was your favourite TV program?
What was your favourite film of this year?
What was your first car?
What was your first fandom?
What was your first job?
What was your greatest musical discovery?
What was your last dream about?
What was your life like last year?
What were you doing at 12:30 this afternoon?
What were you doing at midnight last night?
What were you doing last night at 12 AM?
What words make me feel the best about yourself?
What words upset me the most?
What would be a question you'd be afraid to tell the truth on?
What would you like to have in 2016 that you lacked in 2015?
What would you name your future daughter?
What would you name your future kids?
What would you want to be written on your tombstone?
What your last text message says?
What's a movie you cried while watching?
What's a reason you've lied to a friend?
What's a ship that you want to ship publicly, but everyone on tumblr hates it so you keep your mouth shut about it?
What's a song that always makes you happy when you hear it?
What's a sound you hate; sound you love?
What's in your pocket right now?
What's the best thing you can cook?
What's the last song you listened to?
What's the last thing you purchased?
What's the longest you've ever gone without sleep?
What's the most thoughtful present you've ever received?
What's the name of your cush?
What's the weather like right now?
What's the worst injury you've ever had?
What's the worst place you have ever been to?
What's your Facebook?
What's your MySpace account?
What's your biggest "what if"?
What's your childhood career choice?
What's your favorite animal?
What's your favorite clean word?
What's your favorite color?
What's your favorite hot beverage?
What's your favorite ice cream flavor?
What's your favourite animal?
What's your favourite beach?
What's your favourite dog breed?
What's your height?
What's your idea of a perfect date?
What's your lucky number?
What's your relationship status?
What's your religion?
What's your ring size?
What's your sexual orientation?
What's your shoe size?
What's your strangest talent?
What's your zodiac sign?
What’s the last thing you put in your mouth?
What’s the longest you’ve ever been in a fandom? What fandom was it?
What’s your current problem?
When did you last go to a movie theater?
When did you last go to a wedding?
When did you last hug someone?
When did you last see someone you haven't seen in awhile?
When did your last hug take place?
When is the last time you played the air guitar?
When was the last time a member of the opposite sex hugged you?
When was the last time someone of the opposite sex hugged you?
When was the last time you smiled?
When was the last time you were extremely disappointed?
Where are you from?
Where did most of your money go?
Where did you get the shirt/sweatshirt you’re wearing?
Where do you want to be right now?
Where i want to be right now
Where is your best friend?
Where were you born?
Where were you yesterday?
Where would you like to be?
Where would you like to live?
Where would you like to move to?
Which celebrity/public figure did you fancy the most?
White Chocolate or Milk Chocolate?
Who did you last see in person?
Who did you last share a bed with?
Who did you last text?
Who did you miss?
Who do you feel most comfortable talking to about anything?
Who do you wish you could be?
Who is someone you can tell everything to?
Who is the one person who you can't hide things from?
Who is your Best friend?
Who is your celebrity crush?
Who is your cellphone provider?
Who is your current OTP.
Who is your favourite actor?
Who is your favourite actress?
Who is your favourite band?
Who is your favourite celebrity?
Who is your idol?
Who is your least favorite person?
Who is your role model?
Who makes you laugh the most?
Who was the first person you talked to today?
Who was the last person you drove with?
Who was the last person you talked to?
Who was the last person you took a picture of?
Who was your best friend when you were six years old?
Who was your first real crush?
Who would be your ideal partner?
Who's your best friend?
Whose behaviour made you appalled?
Whose behaviour merited celebration?
Why are you reading the book you're currently reading?
Why did you choose your screen name?
Why i joined tumblr
Will you get married?
Would you ever become a vegan?
Would you like to be a big celebrity?
Would you prefer Disneyland or Six Flags?
Would you prefer chocolate or flowers?
Would you rather be cold or hot?
Would you rather be hugged by a bunny or kissed by a doe?
Would you rather sleep with someone else or alone?
Xbox or ps3?
Yankees or Red Sox?
You accidentally eat some radioactive vegetables. They were good, and what's even cooler is that they endow you with the super-power of your choice! What is that power?
You are at the doctor’s office and she has just informed you that you have approximately one month to live. a Do you tell anyone/everyone you are going to die? b What do you do with your remaining days? c Would you be afraid?
You are walking down the street on your way to work. There is a dog drowning in the canal on the side of the street. Your boss has told you if you are late one more time you get fired. What do you do?
You can erase any horrible experience from your past. What will it be?
You can only have one of these things; trust or love.
You can re-live any point of time in your life. The time-span can only be a half-hour, though. What half-hour of your past would you like to experience again?
You have the opportunity to sleep with the music-celebrity of your choice. Who would it be?
You just got a free plane ticket to anywhere. You have to depart right now. Where are you gonna go?
You're in a desert walking along in the sand when all of a sudden you look down and see a tortoise. It's crawling toward you. You reach down and you flip the tortoise on its back. The tortoise lays on its back, its belly baking in the hot sun, beating its legs trying to turn itself over, but it can't. Not without your help. But you're not helping. Why is that?
You're reading a magazine. You come across a full-page nude photo of a girl. You show it to your wife. She likes it so much, she hangs it on your bedroom wall. The girl is lying on a bearskin rug.
You've got a little boy. He shows you his butterfly collection plus the killing jar. What do you do?
Your biggest pet peeves?
Your dream vacation?
Your favorite fanartist/author gives you one request, what do you ask for?
Your hair color is... what?
Your thoughts of long distance relationships?
